Update 'IC' to 'ICP' (#2228)
dfinity/portal: docs/references/asset-canister.md

      // Security: The Content Security Policy (CSP) given below aims at working with many apps rather than providing maximal security.
      // We recommend tightening the CSP for your specific application. Some recommendations are as follows:
      // - Use the CSP Evaluator (https://csp-evaluator.withgoogle.com/) to validate the CSP you define.

>       // - Follow the “Strict CSP” recommendations (https://csp.withgoogle.com/docs/strict-csp.html). However, note that in the context of ICP,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      // - Follow the “Strict CSP” recommendations (https://csp.withgoogle.com/docs/strict-csp.html). However, note that in the context of the mainnet (network=ic),
```
